# JavaAcademyFinalProject
This repository contains the Academy Java Final exercise for TAE at Globant.

First of all, use the following command to clone the repository:

```git clone https://github.com/camila-jaramillo/JavaAcademyFinalProject.git```

After you clone the repo, use an IDE as NetBeans, Eclipse or Intellij to open it. This project was developed using Eclipse, so it's preferably to use it to execute the project. The main class is located at package ***com.globant.test*** and it's name is ***UniversitySystemTest.java***, use it to run the project.

This project contains files processing. It means that the information is injected by reading files. So if you want to add preloaded courses classrooms, teachers, or student, you could modify the attached files in this repository.

Then, remember to use the following instructions if you want to add or modify the current files.

## Teachers

For adding or modyfing teachers, you should use ***teachers.txt*** file. So it's structure is this:

```
Teacher name*Base Salary*Contract*Experience*Working Hours
```

Take into account the following tips:
- **Contract** The contract could be *Full time* or *Part time*.
- **Experience:** The experience could be in *years*, *months* or *days*, and you should write it like this *3 years*, using the amount of experience, and also, the type of experience.
- **Teacher id:** The *teacher id* is autogenerated in code.

## Students

For adding or modyfing students, you should use ***students.txt*** file. So it's structure is this:

```
Student name
```

Take into account the following tips:
- **Student id:** The *student id* is autogenerated in code.

## Classrooms

For adding or modyfing classrooms, you should use ***classrooms.txt*** file. So it's structure is this:

```
Classroom number*Building name
```

## Courses

For adding or modyfing courses, you should use ***courses.txt*** file. So it's structure is this:

```
Course name*Course Description*Teacher id*Classroom id*Student1 id, Student2 id
```

So, as you see, you need to know the classroom, teacher, and students id, that are presented on the previous files. Don´t forget to separate by commas the students id !!

## Notes

Remember that when you want to add a new student, teacher, classroom or course in anyone of the previous mentioned files, you should do it in a new file line.
